# GMNS for education

This site mains a wide range of transportation network data sets for commonly
used analysis, modeling and simulation tools. We also provide a collection of
campus transportation networks based on [General Modeling Network Specification
(GMNS)](https://github.com/zephyr-data-specs/GMNS) format.

![Scatter chart Description automatically generated with low
confidence](media/2cd08920362217c2b90d7ef29b7e2a36.png)

To make theoretical network modeling concepts simple and understandable to most
students, we aim to provide open data sets and step-by-step tutorials/
open-source software packages for students to learn basic and advanced modeling
skills effectively. By using their own university campus data sets, we hope
students can develop their critical thinking and problem solving skills so that
they can transfer and apply their knowledge and ideas to novel topics and new
circumstances.

![Graphical user interface Description automatically
generated](media/9cd408116775ec4306acce46a79bb510.png)

In serving this goal, we try to create an environment where students have the
opportunity to explore different perspectives of network modeling and faculty
can continually challenge students' perceptions. Ideally, learning and thinking
have to be incorporated with one another to achieve the best effect, inspiring
students to discover, think and create new things at a deeper and broader level.
Specially, we hope the readily accessible data set can 1) assist students,
planners and engineers to understand important planning principles related to
traffic assignment, sensor data, signal control and optimization, 2) help
students develop problem-solving skills in an interdisciplinary area involving
mobility, energy, emissions and safety measures.

Resources:

[Transportation Test Problems (bgu.ac.il)](https://www.bgu.ac.il/~bargera/tntp/)
